README.md, before:

# 1400 RPG Character Builder

This is a character creation app for the 1400 TTRPG system and allows for the creation, altering, and viewing of characters built for that system. This includes several systems designed to make it easy to add new settings and content.

## Webpage

You can see the live webpage [here](https://brewchetta.github.io/1400-custom-character-builder/)

## Local Installation

Once you've cloned this app down you can run it with `npm install` followed by `npm start`. Note that this uses localStorage in order to work and both localStorage and Javascript must be enabled to run.

## Credits

Based on the lo-fi roleplaying system 1400 Quest by James Lennox-Gordon. Also based on the 24XX SRD with rule text by Jason Tocci.

## Assets

This uses several temporary assets which will be replaced in future versions. I am not a visual content creator and unfortunately don't have the bandwidth currently to produce the assets necessary so all assets have been added from shared commons and if you would like an asset to be removed, please contact me so I can prioritize having it replaced by a commissioned piece.

## Library Versions

`react -> 17.0.2`
`react-router-dom -> 6.3.0`
`sass -> 1.49.9`
`uuid -> 8.3.2`

Commit message:

all editable sections on character sheet, updated edit buttons

README.md, after:

# 1400 RPG Character Builder

This is a character creation app for the 1400 TTRPG system and allows for the creation, altering, and viewing of characters built for that system. This includes several systems designed to make it easy to add new settings and content.

## Webpage

You can see the older live webpage [here](https://brewchetta.github.io/1400-custom-character-builder/)

The updated version of the website will be hosted elsewhere.

## Local Installation

Once you've cloned this app down you can run it with `npm install` followed by `npm start`. Note that this uses localStorage in order to work and both localStorage and Javascript must be enabled to run.

## Credits

Based on the lo-fi roleplaying system 1400 Quest by James Lennox-Gordon. Also based on the 24XX SRD with rule text by Jason Tocci.

## Assets

This uses several temporary assets which will be replaced in future versions. I am not a visual content creator and unfortunately don't have the bandwidth currently to produce the assets necessary so all assets have been added from shared commons and if you would like an asset to be removed, please contact me so I can prioritize having it replaced by a commissioned piece.

## Library Versions

`react -> 17.0.2`
`react-router-dom -> 6.3.0`
`sass -> 1.49.9`
`uuid -> 8.3.2`
